                                          ICLR 2027 AI Policy for Authors        Skip to yearly menu bar  Skip to main content   Main Navigation 
          ICLR     Help/FAQ    
   Contact ICLR    
   Create Profile    
   Code of Conduct    
   Journal To Conference Track    
   Diversity & Inclusion    
   Proceedings at OpenReview    
   Future Meetings    
   Press    
   Exhibitor Information    
   ICLR Blog    
   ICLR Twitter    
   About ICLR    
   Downloads    
   Privacy Policy    
   Reset Password   
  
   My Stuff   
            Login                      Select Year: (2027)    2027   
  2026   
  2025   
  2024   
  2023   
  2022   
  2021   
  2020   
  2019   
  2018   
  2017   
  2016   
  2015   
  2014   
  2013  
  
   Dates   
  Calls     Call for Papers    
   Call For Blog Posts   
  
  Guides     Author Guide    
   Area Chair Guide    
   Senior Area Chair Guide    
   Reviewer Guide    
   AI Policy for Reviewers    
   AI Policy for Authors   
  
              Policy on LLM use for research and writing papers 
 LLMs are increasingly finding use in various research workflows, varying in sophistication from formulating proofs to formatting tables. We ask that authors explicitly state how they used LLMs in their submission, both in the paper’s text as well as in the paper submission form. To guide authors about the nature and extent of reporting, we provide a list of common research subtasks along with the necessity of disclosing them. 
 The paper submission form will solicit some of the above information. Additionally, we require authors to disclose AI use in a mandatory section in their paper (this section will not be counted towards the page limit). The ICLR paper template includes a boilerplate disclosure to give authors a sense of the expected detail. You are not required to follow this format exactly—we believe these disclosures may be a source of useful information to the community about how AI is affecting research workflows, and we encourage you to provide as much detail as you want! 
 Ultimately the paper’s authors are responsible for the contents of their submissions. Consequently, a substantial falsehood, instance of plagiarism, or misrepresentation produced by an LLM would be considered a Code of Ethics violation on the part of the paper’s authors, and might lead to desk rejection of the paper. 
 Example AI disclosure section 
 In this work, we used generative AI tools for <tasks with required disclosure>. We have not used generative AI tools for <other tasks with required disclosure>, and <the rest of the required disclosure tasks> are not applicable to this work. Additionally, we used generative AI tools for <tasks with recommended disclosure>. We have reviewed all AI-assisted work. [Elaborate. For example, “we checked LLM-generated research ideas for potential plagiarism through a manual literature survey”, “LLM-generated code was verified and tested for correctness by 2 authors”, etc.]. We take responsibility for the final content of this work, including text, claims or artifacts produced with the aid of generative AI. 
 Below, we share a list of common research subtasks along with the necessity of disclosing them in the paper manuscript. 
 Required : Generate synthetic data sets, help develop theoretical models or conceptual frameworks, formulate mathematical claims, provide critical ingredients for proving mathematical claims, assist in the writing of proofs, propose or refine hypotheses, design or provide feedback on research  methodology or experiments, implement methods, assist with translation, clean and reformat dataset, support qualitative and thematic data analysis, interpret results. 
 Recommended : Formulate questions for surveys or interviews, create or modify scientific figures or images, suggest experimental parameters, create or edit software code,  creation of artifacts, draft parts of a research paper, transcribe recordings of research material, summarize or analyse existing literature, discover research topics or identify gaps, brainstorming, sourcing/searching for information, edit a research paper to improve readability, identify relevant literature, format references, suggest a structure for a research paper, propose a title or keywords for a research paper. 
              Successful Page Load        ICLR uses cookies for essential functions only. We do not sell your personal
                        information. Our Privacy Policy »    Accept                       The ICLR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose
                            download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale. 
     Useful links    About ICLR 
 Sponsor / Exhibitor Information 
 Press 
        Contact   2710 E Corridor Dr, Appleton WI 54913 
   Email  
 Phone: +1-920-268-4789 
           ICLR Proceedings at OpenReview 
          